He has two months left.
I must accompany him well
Let him leave in peace
Stay with him. What about us?
She's nothing
I see.
I know you really love him
Even if he is dying
Still promised to marry him
Just that courage
It deserves my admiration
Although I am pregnant with his child
We're divorced.
Now you're his official girlfriend
Of course you should be the one with him
But I know what you're trying to say
I also know
In your heart
There has always been a position for Ling Feng
Besides
You're pregnant with his child
Keep your hands
Take care of them together
Thank you thank you thank you for letting me stay
Oh, thank you kindly.
I think Lin Feng should be a child who really wants to see him
I certainly hope they will meet.
We can't do this.
Since lizards can't
Then let's go to see Zhongyi
Even if I can't save him
Also prolong his life
That's a good point.
My friend's father is Zhou Yi
I will contact now.
you
You've been crazy for a long time.
Can you ask uncle to help you take a look?
Lin Feng really has cancer
But my dad is not good at this
So do you know any other ideas?
Not really.
I know that we have a Chinese doctor in Yuncheng who is diligent
Many cancer patients come to see him
Although it may not be cured
But at least it extends lifespan
It's just that I don't know why.
Since three years ago, Mr. Qin has stopped seeing patients
No one will give face
I'm afraid you can't please leave him alone
You just tell me where he is
I don't care what way I can, I will definitely let him save Linfeng
Ha ha.
Hahahahaha father-in-law
Father-in-law, you're awake
Finally it's over
It's not necessary.
I want to go home.